Add article for "osu! at UCSD" and upcoming LAN tournament (#7279)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Community/Organisations/osu!_at_UCSD/en.md

---
tags:
  - California
  - club
  - college
  - San Diego
  - school
  - university
---

# osu! at UCSD

> **osu! at UCSD** is an osu! club run as a division of [Triton Gaming](https://discord.gg/tritongaming "Triton Gaming Discord server") at the University of California, San Diego (*UCSD*). Its goal is to give osu! players at or around UCSD a space to connect with each other and build a local community. They host regular meetups both in-person and online, as well as LAN and online osu! tournaments.

Author: it gives more context than only "external link"

> **osu! at UCSD** is an osu! club run as a division of [Triton Gaming](https://discord.gg/tritongaming "Triton Gaming Discord server") at the University of California, San Diego (*UCSD*). Its goal is to give osu! players at or around UCSD a space to connect with each other and build a local community. They host regular meetups both in-person and online, as well as LAN and online osu! tournaments.

Reviewer: the context for the link is usually indicated in the link text anyway, as in `[Triton Gaming Discord server](https://discord.gg/tritongaming)`, which to me seems like a better way to handle it anyway

> **osu! at UCSD** is an osu! club run as a division of [Triton Gaming](https://discord.gg/tritongaming "Triton Gaming Discord server") at the University of California, San Diego (*UCSD*). Its goal is to give osu! players at or around UCSD a space to connect with each other and build a local community. They host regular meetups both in-person and online, as well as LAN and online osu! tournaments.

Author: yes but im not rly talking abt discord server here. maybe better to not link at all in this sentence if I can't find anything better?

> **osu! at UCSD** is an osu! club run as a division of [Triton Gaming](https://discord.gg/tritongaming "Triton Gaming Discord server") at the University of California, San Diego (*UCSD*). Its goal is to give osu! players at or around UCSD a space to connect with each other and build a local community. They host regular meetups both in-person and online, as well as LAN and online osu! tournaments.

Reviewer: maybe, perhaps put it in the link section

> See the [osu! at UCSD tournament index](/wiki/Tournaments/osu!_at_UCSD) for wiki articles about some of their tournaments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [osu! at UCSD tournament index page](/wiki/Tournaments/osu!_at_UCSD) for more information about previously held tournaments.
```

Author: previously held => their ?
the one in this PR isn't previous :^)

Reviewer: mm ok

```suggestion
See the [osu! at UCSD tournament index page](/wiki/Tournaments/osu!_at_UCSD) for more information about their tournaments.
```

## Links

- **[Discord server](https://discord.gg/DqBVmv5Knx)**

> - [UCSD Student Organization listing](https://studentorg.ucsd.edu/Home/Details/14917)

Author: keeping order cuz knowing who the officers are doesn't matter that much and also just copying UCI article
